Create a new 'product-seller-name' block (#43)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

| `product-installments`      | Renders the product installments. If more than one option is available, the one with the biggest number of installments will be displayed. |
| `product-installments-list` | Renders all the installments of the payment system with the biggest amount of installments options. |
| `product-instlalments-list-item` | Renders an installments option of the `product-installments-list-item` |
| `product-price-savings`           | Renders the product price savings, if there is any. It can show the percentage of the discount or the value of the absolute saving. |
| `product-list-price-range`    | Renders the product list price range. It follows the same logic applied to the `ListPrice`: if its value is equal to the product selling price, this block is not rendered. |
| `product-selling-price-range` | The product selling price range. |

> | `product-seller-name` | Renders the name of the product's seller. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `product-seller-name` | Renders the name of the product [seller](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-seller--5FkLvhZ3Few4CWWIuYOK2w). |
```

| `sellingPriceValue` | `string` | Value of the selling price of the only SKU available. |
| `sellingPriceWithTax` | `string` | Value of the selling price of the only SKU available with tax. |

> - **`product-seller-name`**
> 
> | Message variable | Type | Description |
> | --- | --- | --- |
> | `sellerName` | `string` | The name of the product's seller. |
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`product-seller-name`**

| Message variable | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `sellerName` | `string` | Name of the product [seller](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-seller--5FkLvhZ3Few4CWWIuYOK2w). |

```
